feat(@aws-amplify/geo): Add docs for new Geo category in javascript (#3435)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/geo/fragments/js/getting-started.md

</amplify-callout>

> Prerequisite: [Install and configure the Amplify CLI](~/cli/start/install.md)

## Provisioning resources

The primary way to provision Geo resources is through the Amplify CLI. Currently, Amplify Geo is in developer preview and you need to install the CLI with the `@geo` tag. You can use the following command to install this version globally.

```sh
npm i -g @aws-amplify/cli@geo
```

Now, let's make sure that the right version was installed:

```sh
amplify --version
```

That should show a version with the `-geo.x` tag, for example, `5.2.2-geo.0`

Once that is complete, you can run the following command from your project's root folder to add a `geo` resource:

```sh
amplify add geo
```

The CLI will prompt configuration options for the Geo category such as what type of capability you want to add (maps and search) and default or advanced settings.

The add command automatically creates the backend configuration. Once all your configuration is complete run the following:

```sh
amplify push
```

> A configuration file called `aws-exports.js` will be copied to your configured source directory, for example `./src`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A file called `aws-exports.js` that contains all geo-related configuration information is placed in your app's source directory.
```
